Update Tutorial (#528)
hms-dbmi/viv: tutorial/README.md

```bash
$ bioformats2raw LuCa-7color_Scan1.qptiff LuCa-7color_Scan1/ --file_type=zarr
$ bioformats2raw LuCa-7color_Scan1.qptiff LuCa-7color_Scan1/ 
```

`bioformats2raw` creates the file directory `LuCa-7color_Scan1/` which contains the "raw" bioformats output. The root directory
contains a `METADATA.ome.xml` file along with a `data.zarr/` directory containing the Zarr
output. This output can be viewed directly with [Avivator] by serving the top-level directory (`LuCa-7color_Scan1/`)
over HTTP ([see below](#viewing-in-avivator)).

> NOTE: Alternate tile dimensions can be specified with the `--tile_width` and `--tile_height` options.
> In our experience, tile sizes of 512x512 and 1024x1024 (default) work well. Viv can only handle square tiles. For more information
> see the [docs](https://github.com/glencoesoftware/bioformats2raw#performance).

#### Option 2: Create an OME-TIFF

The second option is to run the complete Bio-Formats pipeline to generate a valid OME-TIFF.
The next step is to convert this "raw" output to an OME-TIFF.

```bash
$ bioformats2raw LuCa-7color_Scan1.qptiff n5_tile_directory/

> $ raw2ometiff n5_tile_directory/ LuCa-7color_Scan1.ome.tif

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ raw2ometiff LuCa-7color_Scan1/ LuCa-7color_Scan.ome.tif
```

> by `raw2ometiff` - `LZW`, `zlib`, and `Uncompressed` as well as `jpeg` compression for 8 bit data. Support
> for JPEG-2000 for >8 bit data is planned. Please open an issue if you would like this more immediately.

> If your OME-TIFF image has many [TIFF IFDs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TIFF#Multiple_subfiles), which correspond to indvidual time-z-channel sub-images, please generate an `offsets.json` file as well for remote HTTP viewing.
> This file contains the byte offsets to each IFD and allows fast interaction with remote data:

Reviewer: Thinking that we could avoid introducing the concept of TIFF IFDs and focus on when an index is practical.

```suggestion
The TIFF file format is not designed for the cloud, and therefore certain images are less suitable to be natively read remotely. If your OME-TIFF image contains large non-XY dimensions (e.g. Z=100, T=50), you are likely to experience latencies when switching planes in Avivator due to seeking the file over HTTP. We recommend generating an index (`offsets.json`) that contains the byte-offsets for each plane to complement OME-TIFF, solving this latency issue and enabling fast interactions.
```

 ```bash
 $ pip install generate-tiff-offsets
 $ generate_tiff_offsets --input_file Luca-7color_Scan1.ome.tif 
 ```

For viewing in Avivator, this file should live adjacent to the OME-TIFF file in its folder and will be automatically recognized and used.
For use with Viv's loaders/layers, you need to fetch the `offsets.json` and pass it in as an argument to the [loader](http://viv.gehlenborglab.org/#createometiffloader).

> Please see [this sample](http://viv.gehlenborglab.org/#getting-started) for help getting started with using the Viv API.

Reviewer: This index can be reused by other Viv-based applications and even clients in other languages to improve remote OME-TIFF performance. If using Viv, you must fetch the `offsets.json` directly in your application code. See [our example] (http://viv.gehlenborglab.org/#getting-started) for help getting started.

> ⚠️ IMPORTANT ⚠️ 
Avivator requires the `offsets.json` file to be adjacent to the OME-TIFF on the server in order to leverage this feature. For example, if an index is generated for the dataset in this tutorial, the following directory structure is correct:

```
data
├── LuCa-7color_Scan1.offsets.json
└── LuCa-7color_Scan1.ome.tif
```

### Viewing in Avivator

There are a few different ways to view your data in Avivator.

If you have an OME-TIFF saved locally, you may simply drag and drop
the file over the canvas or use the "Choose file" button to view your data.

> Note that this action does **NOT** necessarily load the entire dataset into memory. Viv still works as normal and will retrieve data tiles based on the viewport for an image pyramid and/or a specific channel/z/time selection.

Reviewer: Not sure if this bit is necessary. I think reducing word count is probably valuable.

```suggestion
```

```

This command starts a web-server and makes the content in the current directory readable over HTTP. Once the server is running,
open [Avivator] and paste  `http://localhost:8000/LuCa-7color_Scan1.ome.tif`

> into the input dialog to view the respective pyramids generated above. For convenience, you can also create a direct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into the input dialog to view the OME-TIFF generated in this tutorial. For convenience, you can also create a direct
```

> ### Final Note on File Formats and OME-Zarr
> 
> The Glencoe software and OME teams hava been clear that the "raw" N5/Zarr formats produced by `bioformats2raw` should be considered
> experimental for the time being as intermediates for generating valid OME-TIFFs. Therefore using these intermediate outputs directly for viewing is not recommended.

Reviewer: Think we probably don't need this either. The start of the tutorial explains that the intermediate should not be used
```suggestion
```
